fix: Fix HLASM Listing highlighting on lines with trimmed whitespace (#199)
eclipse/che-che4z-lsp-for-hlasm: clients/vscode-hlasmplugin/CHANGELOG.md

- Infinite loop during lookahead processing when model statement is located in copybook
- DOT operator in string concatenation is optional
- AINSERT operand length validation
- HLASM Listing highligting of lines with trimmed whitespace

> - Macro tracer: step over in sometimes stopping inside macro or copy file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Macro tracer: step over sometimes stops inside a macro or a copy file
```
